James Wright: Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining the Q3 executive sync. We have a full agenda today.
James Wright: Board alignment on west region expansion is holding. Denver is approved. Phoenix is conditional. Salt Lake is still in feasibility.
Lisa Park: Before we go deep on facilities, I need the ROI model updated for the June 28 prep session. We cannot walk into that meeting with March assumptions.
Sim Patel: Understood Lisa. Finance team is closing the Denver and Phoenix tabs tonight. We will circulate a draft by tomorrow morning.
Maria Santos: On operations, vendor consolidation remains the top priority for my team this quarter. We are at fourteen vendors today and targeting six.
Maria Santos: Phase one analytics migration is scheduled for August 30. Phase two customer success tooling lands October 15. July 15 is our internal readiness checkpoint.
David Chen: Sales is comfortable telling enterprise clients we are simplifying the stack. Two prospects asked about integration stability during cutover weekends.
James Wright: Good. Sim, give us the Denver update first. Real estate, hiring, and anything that could slip the timeline we approved March 15.
Sim Patel: Denver LoDo lease is signed. Facilities walkthrough completed June 12. Hiring plan is eighteen FTE by September, six of them senior implementation consultants.
Sim Patel: Apex Systems submitted staffing proposals June 18. We are comparing Apex against our internal bench. Nora is running the vendor side of that evaluation.
Nora Ali: Apex can staff four senior consultants by August 1 if we approve by July 5. Internal bench would take longer but costs less in year one.
Lisa Park: Put both scenarios in the ROI model. I want payback month fourteen for Denver in the base case. Stress case can slip Phoenix one quarter.
Maria Santos: Cutover planning depends on training bandwidth. If Denver hiring runs late, we should not stack Phoenix recruiting on the same calendar.
James Wright: Agreed. David, Phoenix pipeline still looks real? Last board read said three qualified enterprise opportunities.
David Chen: Still three qualified. One healthcare logo could close in August if we show operational readiness. They asked specifically about reporting continuity during vendor migration.
Maria Santos: We owe that client a cutover communication template. I will assign Nora to draft it with client success by July 3.
Lisa Park: Revenue recognition for Phoenix stays conservative until we hire a general manager. Recruiting kickoff is July 8. That is non negotiable for finance.
James Wright: Salt Lake feasibility. Kevin Brooks sent preliminary notes. Capital constraints if we launch three metros simultaneously.
Lisa Park: Correct. Salt Lake decision gate should remain Q4. I do not want to dilute Denver execution by spreading hiring dollars across four cities.
Sim Patel: Site visit notes from Portland client work are relevant here. Their nursing directors flagged staffing gaps during peak hours even when leadership messaging was positive.
Maria Santos: That pattern is exactly why we need facility level dashboards before board narratives harden. Operations escalations sometimes lag meeting tone by forty eight hours.
James Wright: Let us stay on Acme west region. Sim, anything contradictory in the materials uploaded this week?
Sim Patel: The board pack shows vendor consolidation as top priority. The June 20 legal redlines confirm primary SaaS agreement. No conflict there.
Sim Patel: CFO email thread from June 25 asks for sensitivity tabs on staffing delays. That aligns with Lisa's ROI request, not a contradiction.
Lisa Park: I also need explicit assumptions on migration overtime. Phase one analytics cutover could add four hundred thousand if we miss the August window.
Nora Ali: PMO schedule shows two weekend cutovers in August. Training for client success managers is booked the week before each window.
Maria Santos: If training slips, cutover slips. July 15 readiness review is the internal gate. I will not sign off without migration runbooks and rollback tests complete.
David Chen: Enterprise clients in Denver want named executive sponsors on go live weekends. James, are you willing to join the first Denver client advisory call?
James Wright: Yes. Schedule it after we finalize Apex versus internal staffing. I want one story for clients, board, and internal teams.
Sim Patel: Action item for me: circulate ROI draft tomorrow, sponsor Denver advisory call scheduling, and merge Portland lessons into Denver hiring plan.
Lisa Park: Action item for finance: publish three scenario tabs by June 28 morning. Base, stress with Phoenix delay, stress with migration overrun.
Maria Santos: Action item for operations: finalize July 15 vendor cutover readiness checklist and assign owners for each workstream by June 30.
Nora Ali: I will own the client facing cutover communication template due July 3 and the migration runbook review due July 10.
David Chen: Sales will not promise Phoenix launch dates to prospects until GM role is filled. We will use Q4 language only.
James Wright: Good discipline. Any open concerns before we close?
Lisa Park: Only that we enter June 28 with one financial story. Denver payback, Phoenix conditions, Salt Lake deferred. No mixed messages.
Maria Santos: Operations will flag staffing risks early. Better to delay a week than repeat Portland peak hour escalations in a new market.
James Wright: Agreed. Sim will send recap today. Thank everyone.
Sim Patel: Recap will include action items, owners, and due dates. I will also upload the revised Denver site visit notes to the project workspace.
James Wright: Board expects west region expansion to be the headline for Q3. Make sure citations in external materials stay consistent with today.
Lisa Park: External deck numbers must match the board pack. Maria, confirm vendor spend baseline of four point two million annual run rate.
Maria Santos: Confirmed. Fourteen vendors today, six target vendors, twenty three percent duplicate capability estimate from Nora's PMO assessment.
Nora Ali: Duplicate capability estimate came from June PMO inventory. Legal redlines may change effective dates for two contracts in phase two.
David Chen: Enterprise renewals in west division grew twelve percent year over year. Two healthcare logos in May helped. Board slide already reflects that.
Sim Patel: For search and chat indexing, key entities today: Denver LoDo, Phoenix Tempe satellite, Apex Systems, Lisa Park ROI model, July 15 cutover gate.
James Wright: Meeting adjourned. Next sync July 11 unless July 15 readiness review needs an earlier executive session.